alright crystal what's on your radar
well according to some new reporting in
the Washington Post several members of
Bernie Sanders campaign team including
campaign manager fat Shakir congressman
privilege I appalled and longtime
advisor Jeff Weaver are urging him to
exit the presidential race here is some
of that reporting longtime strategist
Jeff Weaver has privately made a case
that exiting the race more quickly and
on good terms with Biden would give
Sanders more leverage in the long run
according to one of the people in the
room the other said Weaver has used a
light touch in presenting his case now
as many of you know following Bernie's
losses in Florida Illinois and Arizona
as the true gravity of the coronavirus
crisis finally set in here in DC I
argued that there was in fact one
inducement significant enough to make it
worth Bernie doing but Dems bidding and
dropping out of the race I argue that
Bernie should drop if he could secure a
top-level leadership position on the
coronavirus response the actions that
are taken now will massively reshape
America in a way that Dwarfs the impact
even of the 2008 financial crisis does
the government once again favor industry
over workers
well our politicians stand by and watch
is working there on the vine do we in
this moment prove to our population that
government can in fact be a force for
good in their lives now a lot of people
were upset by the suggestion at the time
which I do get but I stand by it the
consequences of the corporate bailout
that was rushed through will be with us
for years and likely decades to come the
poultry one time way too slow to come
grants and over reliance on a backlogged
unemployment system will cause
unnecessary pain and lengthen the
depression at that moment Bernie had
something approaching his maximum
leverage with Joe anxious to claim the
nomination as the nation slid into its
current coronavirus freeze and while you
then forego the chance to have something
wild happen and make a comeback at a
time when frankly while things are
happening literally every day the
opportunity to fundamentally shift the
economic structure of this bailout and
the ensuing recovery was worth it that
time though has now passed and arguments
that are being made now for Bernie to
drop down according to the Washington
Post anyway make no sense to me
whatsoever
why in the
world would he drop out right now
literally why after all no one is going
to do anything for Bernie and his
movement because he's nice it's absurd
to indulge in a fantasy that by doing
what the establishment asked him to do
and bowing out while half the state
still remain something they would never
do if the shoe were on the other foot
that somehow there will be leverage or
spoils to be gained bending the knee and
limping out is the literal opposite of
leverage as someone who has got enrolled
way too many times in my life frankly
for being the nice girl and playing by
the rules
please take my word for it maybe an ugly
thing to say but power can often be ugly
nothing will be given without some pain
and every day that Bernie stays in the
race over the increasing house of
protest from the media and the
Democratic establishment that pain will
start to build right now his presence is
basically a simple annoyance for the
establishment but as the weeks rolled by
and Biden continues to flail as Bernie
is able to confidently offer broad
reaching plans makes what is by now
completely obvious case for Medicare for
all and is shockingly able to coherently
articulate a plan without reading from
notes that annoyance is going to turn to
angst and then to terror terror that
Birdy's continued presence in the race
is actually damaging the empty husk that
they've decided to prop up and nominate
now the truth is Joe in comparison to
nearly any other leader is the damning
contrast put him up against Andrew Cuomo
or Andy Beshear in Kentucky or frankly
Trump even in terms of just pure Command
Authority they want to blame Bernie for
Joe's failures and every week that goes
by that anxiety and that leverage will
build and build of course the real way
for birdie to inflict pain would be to
hold on his voters to explicitly tell
Joe and the rest that he may or may not
go all in for him in the general
technical but tepid support would look a
lot different than unconditional
cheerleading we all know Bernie doesn't
have a stomach for that kind of hardball
so I'm not holding my breath there but
just think all these people already hate
him anyway so if Bernie's thinking of
getting out to make MSNBC or Chuck
Schumer whoever have warm fuzzies about
him and that ship has long sailed just
see how wonderful his friend Elizabeth
Warren was to him after all of his
respect and kindness
lord knows they're gonna blame him for
Joe's loss anyway we'll go
happened last time around all the
rallies all the kind words for Hillary
all the nicey-nice with the DNC and then
they turned right around and blamed him
anyway just look at Whoopi last week as
we covered here insisting that he stayed
in too long and that it hurt Hillary now
if your candidate is so weak that they
literally can't take a competitor in the
race who's not even being critical maybe
it's time to get a new candidate but I
digress the establishment may want
Bernie to play nice and drop out and I
understand why his weary advisors who
are ready to escape campaign limbo and
move on with their own lives and also
who are genuinely concerned about the
Senators image may push that route as
well the truth is there's nothing nice
about failing to use every tool at your
disposal to secure whatever you possibly
can for the young people and the working
class people who scrape together their
10 and 20 bucks
who made phone calls all over the
country who organized caravans to go
knock on doors Joe Biden's feelings and
the establishments heartburn be damned
what did you think of this reporting
because to me the idea that by getting
out now you would have more leverage is
just completely preposterous yeah yeah I
don't any sort of getting out at any
point without extracting leverage is I
mean they're what leverage exists right
now but and that's part of the issue
though is even with what you're saying
is he already basically destroyed his
own leverage because he said Joe Biden
can beat Trump he said I will vote for
the eventual Democratic nominee I will
work hard as possible he's always like
Trump is the most dangerous present my
lifetime he's a single threat to this
and again it's just all of those
statements can't be reconciled he needs
to do I mean the most obvious thing is
what Harvey JK had said on this show
right so you need to go and need to
fight and be like not a single one of my
people I will tell every single one him
to stay home unless you adopt my
positions but he's not going to do that
and at this point I don't actually know
what leverage he possibly could extract
Joe has said he would veto Medicare for
all Jemmy at this point what could he
possibly have an impact on maybe cabinet
positions well so there's a reality and
there's an establishment perception yeah
the reality is that Bernie staying in
the race doesn't hurt Joe Joe's hurting
himself
Bernie being there and doing his
coronavirus round tables and raising
money for the crowd like that doesn't
hurt Joe what's
but that's what I buy ads or anything
exactly he's not critiquing him at all
right but the perception from the
establishment is that this is very very
damaging because they really believe
their own hype that he was hurt harmful
to Hillary that he didn't help her
enough that he stayed in too long all of
that and so justice Whoopi articulated
last week you know we're going through
deja vu we see this playing out again
and you're gonna cause Joe to lose again
and so even though the reality is that
Bernie is not doing any actual harm to
Joe their perception is that the longer
he stays in the more damaging it is and
that perception is all that matters
that's the only way that he builds any
kind of leverage now what you use that
leverage for that's more of an open
question to me that's why I pushed
before before they crafted the bailout
bill if he could have had a leadership
position that was a tangible thing that
was seriously worth trading some vague
commitment of a medicare-for-all on the
platform whatever to me that's all
worthless that meant something in 2016
when it was like let's let's lay a
marker down of how much we have moved
the Democratic Party okay that has
already happened right we all know we
saw how the whole debate was framed
around birdies issues and his positions
and how mainstream they've become with
the American public that's already done
so what can you get vague promises from
Joe Vegh platform items none of that
matters but this crisis is far from over
so there could be another point as
they're crafting the next stimulus bill
if that even happens maybe that's the
thing you asked for I think you have to
hold out to see what makes sense in the
moment I'm not sure that's clear right
now yeah I'm not sure either and the
more I think about it I just don't think
the Biden campaign is magnanimous
strategic enough or whatever and and
maybe even Bernie wouldn't want this to
extend the olive branch that could be
right so he couldn't say I don't know
what cabinet position Bernie would want
I mean maybe secretary of the Treasury
something like that but I don't think
the Biden campaign would actually extend
that and I'm not sure if Bernie would
even be able to extract that at this
point because the campaign the Biden
campaign the way they look at him is
this totally relevancy and not only is a
relevancy as annoyance they're like aw
geez you know he's still staying in the
race
he's just whipping his people up who
aren't gonna vote for us because again
they think that their vote is owed for
that and they view him with some
chant hit the P that I don't know if he
would be able to extract anything at
this point and I think again I just
think this is all the pre-work that
needs to go into setting the stage for
this type of thing has already just been
destroyed because there's so much of
what he did throughout the campaign
whenever he thought he might be able to
win yeah you might be right but I can
tell you 100% for sure if he gets out
now nothing correct there's a chance
that if he stays in longer and that
heartburn builds that he may have
leverage to extract something from them
but if you get out now there's no reason
to get out now I mean you're not
actually hurting Jo if that's something
that you're worried about you're not
gaining anything on the other end the
idea that to me it's insane that you
could look at this town and think oh
well if I do the right thing if I do
what they asked me to do then they're
gonna pay it back in the future please
all they're gonna do is say thank you
very much and then turn around and blame
you once again right so do not fall for
that game no I mean and I'm thinking
like say Joe Biden picks comel Harris
it's like what can he even like even if
they said yeah yeah Bernie will give you
this one thing you think they're gonna
do it like no way you'll never do it
no yeah well not yeah well not alright
Sagar looking for your radar that's nice